# DrawItOrLoseItSoftwareDesign
Briefly summarize the Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
  The client "The Gaming Room" was looking to further their gaming platform and expand past their Android-only platform to multiple other platforms, making their game more accessible to audiences of varying device platforms. The client wants help streamlining the development of their software using the Android version of the game as the baseline for how the application will work on all platforms. 
What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?
  I feel as though I made very useful recommendations for the client to maximize the potential for their application. For example, my recommendation of using Linux as the Operating Platform is key because of the nature of the client's request, calling for a more versatile and tool-heavy platform to deliver applications to differing platforms.
What about the process of working through a design document did you find it helpful when developing the code?
  Having a strong structure base to rely on is important for me because when given tasks that are very broad, open-ended ended or leave a lot to the imagination, I tend to overthink what the client wants and often overcompensate. Utilizing the design document gives a straightforward vision that keeps me focused on the key details and delivers a polished end product that works towards the demands efficiently.
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
  Pseudocode was certainly a challenge to deal with when working through this document. It always seems like I'm overdeveloping in my pseudocode and second-guessing every little thing. I would love to be able to go over it again with 100% certainty that I'm working in the right direction. I'm a person who is best learning by trial by fire; no matter how hard it is, getting reps under my belt has always been the proven direction to my improvement in anything that I've done.
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
Having the acumen to properly play the middleman and implement the client's requests into a real, tangible project is a steep mountain to climb, but by using more of a human approach rather than a technical approach, the work seemingly gets cut in half. Breaking apart the client's needs piece by piece and converting their simple worded orders into technical requests is similar to that of a translator, and much like a translator, a lapse in competence in translation can be critical to the overall message, which makes understanding the needs of the user vital.
How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?
  Being open-minded and patient with the process was my approach to putting together this project. There were many instances where extensive research and careful reading were needed to properly assemble this design documentation. This is essentially the blueprint of the process, and any errors within a blueprint can severely damage the efficiency and time management of the project. Leaving notes about any area that I had struggled with or questions about, then coming back to review each section and the notes, is a good method that I used to keep myself sharp and often helped answer my struggles by pushing through them.
